how far back Lindell is playing on the
return of serve
stop shot to hit as a ball drops oh
Linda 15 feet off the court Neal Oh
another clean winner off the forehand
from Linda the tremendous amount of room
behind Lendl his oversized court oh yes
I can real quickly and hits a crust
thought he had a good shot overhead it
just slightly listen here I never why
didn't you wait why did you wait the
other time you told me that about the
reason you waited cuz you're winning to
see his call and you would ask him to
see the mark now all of a sudden you
completely change the way you're doing
it which way you're gonna do it why
didn't you call it out the first time
you that's not the reason you told me
about talk about inconsistencies
no you do the exact opposite thing
Oh
McEnroe hits the drop volley and turns
it won the tiebreaker seven points to
two
Oh beautiful drop volley up Oh
any nails in town the center it's a
legitimate shot I'm sure McEnroe not too
happy with that vault second sir
Oh a clean winter off the back for John
McAvoy
there it is first set to John McEnroe
seven games to six he wins the first set
as he takes off his shirt
here at Russian you pose wendell
beautiful his it cuts off the volley
gets out of that game after being down a
couple of great points oh it is
15:30 and there it is that sharply
angled backhand cross-court and then
what a lucky break there when that ball
didn't bounce
intense Schwan's was
lievable shot by Lendl oh no he misses
alive
from the brink of defeat down
7:6 this match now dead-even
one set of peace